content/lessons/solid/solid-part-1.md, before:

---
title: SOLID Principles Part 1
template: lesson
draft: false
slug: /courses/Solid/solid-part-1
course: SOLID
tags:
- Usability
- Maintainability
- OOP
description: |
  This lesson serves as an introduction to the SOLID Architecture Principles, going over when and how to implement them, in a multiple-choice quiz format. The tone is conversational: you will be guided towards why an answer is correct or incorrect as you select the different options.
videoLinks:
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxf2spbpTSw
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2m-S0Pj_Xk
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObHQHszbIcE
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ptMtJAdj40
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oHY5TllWaU
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xahwVmf8itI
readingLinks:
  - link: https://mari-azevedo.medium.com/s-o-l-i-d-principles-what-are-they-and-why-projects-should-use-them-50b85e4aa8b6
    title: SOLID Principles- What are they and why projects should use them
    description: 8 minute read
  - link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SOLID
    title: SOLID on Wikipedia
  - link: https://fi.ort.edu.uy/innovaportal/file/2032/1/design_principles.pdf
    title: “Design Principles and Design Patterns” by Robert C. Martin
    description: This paper originated the SOLID principles.
timeToCompletion: ~1.5 hours, including videos
secondaryExerciseUrl: 'https://fhuergo.github.io/solid1'
---

Commit message:

Have only 1 required video before viewing, and add Wikipedia description

content/lessons/solid/solid-part-1.md, after:

---
title: SOLID Principles Part 1
template: lesson
draft: false
slug: /courses/Solid/solid-part-1
course: SOLID
tags:
- Usability
- Maintainability
- OOP
description: |
  This lesson serves as an introduction to the SOLID Architecture Principles, going over when and how to implement them, in a multiple-choice quiz format. The tone is conversational: you will be guided towards why an answer is correct or incorrect as you select the different options.
videoLinks:
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxf2spbpTSw
readingLinks:
  - link: https://mari-azevedo.medium.com/s-o-l-i-d-principles-what-are-they-and-why-projects-should-use-them-50b85e4aa8b6
    title: SOLID Principles- What are they and why projects should use them
    description: 8 minute read
  - link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SOLID
    title: SOLID on Wikipedia
    description: Wikipedia's general take on the SOLID principles.
  - link: https://fi.ort.edu.uy/innovaportal/file/2032/1/design_principles.pdf
    title: “Design Principles and Design Patterns” by Robert C. Martin
    description: This paper originated the SOLID principles.
timeToCompletion: ~40 minutes
secondaryExerciseUrl: 'https://fhuergo.github.io/solid1'
---
