content/courses/Functional-Programming.md, before:

---
title: Functional Programming
template: "course"
draft: false
slug: "/courses/Functional-Programming/"
category: "Functional Programming"
tags:
  - "Usability"
  - "Maintainability"
  - "Functional Programming"
  - "Higher Order Functions"
description: Functional programming is the process of building software by composing pure functions, avoiding shared state, mutable data, and side-effects. Functional programming is declarative rather than imperative, and application state flows through pure functions. Contrast with object oriented programming, where application state is usually shared and colocated with methods in objects. This course introduces engineers to some of the base-level concepts of functional programming.
lessons:
  - link: "immutability"
    title: Immutability
    description: The first lesson of the Awesome Learning Functional Programming course will teach students how to apply the concept of immutability (the idea that something cannot be modified after being instantiated) to your code and how to avoid common pitfalls in JavaScript.
---

Commit message:

Add pure functions lesson to functional programming course (#227)
* Add pure functions lesson to functional programming course

* Update link to codesandbox

* Remove secondaryExerciseUrl

Co-authored-by: Ben Morrison <bmorrison@wayfair.com>

content/courses/Functional-Programming.md, after:

---
title: Functional Programming
template: "course"
draft: false
slug: "/courses/Functional-Programming/"
category: "Functional Programming"
tags:
  - "Usability"
  - "Maintainability"
  - "Functional Programming"
  - "Higher Order Functions"
description: Functional programming is the process of building software by composing pure functions, avoiding shared state, mutable data, and side-effects. Functional programming is declarative rather than imperative, and application state flows through pure functions. Contrast with object oriented programming, where application state is usually shared and colocated with methods in objects. This course introduces engineers to some of the base-level concepts of functional programming.
lessons:
  - link: "immutability"
    title: Immutability
    description: The first lesson of the Awesome Learning Functional Programming course will teach students how to apply the concept of immutability (the idea that something cannot be modified after being instantiated) to your code and how to avoid common pitfalls in JavaScript.
  - link: "pure-functions"
    title: Pure Functions
    description: The second lesson of the Awesome Learning Functional Programming course will teach students how to apply the concept of functional purity to your code and how to write and recognize pure functions.
---
