content/courses/Solid.md, before:

---
title: SOLID Principles
template: "course"
draft: false
slug: "/courses/Solid/"
category: "Object-Oriented Design"
tags:
- "Usability"
- "Maintainability"
- "OOP"
description: Familiarize yourself with the SOLID Design Principles and put them into practice. In the first lesson, walk through a conversational multiple-choice "quiz" (great for absolute beginners), and in the second, rewrite principle-violating code in line with the principles.
lessons:
- link: "solid-part-1"
  title: SOLID Principles Part 1
  description: This lesson serves as an introduction to the SOLID Design Principles, going over when and how to implement them, in a multiple-choice quiz format. The tone is conversational- you will be guided towards why an answer is correct or incorrect as you select the different options.
- link: "solid-part-2"
  title: SOLID Principles Part 2
  description: Put your new SOLID knowledge to the test as you rewrite principle-violating code so it is in line with the principles.
---

Commit message:

Mention Java in description in Solid.md

content/courses/Solid.md, after:

---
title: SOLID Principles
template: "course"
draft: false
slug: "/courses/Solid/"
category: "Object-Oriented Design"
tags:
- "Usability"
- "Maintainability"
- "OOP"
description: Familiarize yourself with the SOLID Design Principles and put them into practice. In the first lesson, walk through a conversational multiple-choice "quiz" (great for absolute beginners), and in the second, rewrite principle-violating code in line with the principles. This course assumes you have basic familiarity with Java, though by no means an expert understanding.
lessons:
- link: "solid-part-1"
  title: SOLID Principles Part 1
  description: This lesson serves as an introduction to the SOLID Design Principles, going over when and how to implement them, in a multiple-choice quiz format. The tone is conversational- you will be guided towards why an answer is correct or incorrect as you select the different options.
- link: "solid-part-2"
  title: SOLID Principles Part 2
  description: Put your new SOLID knowledge to the test as you rewrite principle-violating code so it is in line with the principles.
---
